Add guidance for referees on unsporting behavior (#62)
RoboCup-SSL/ssl-rules: chapters/offenses.adoc

==== Damaging The Field Or The Ball
It is not allowed to damage or modify the field or the ball.

==== Disrespect Procedures
Not following defined procedures repetitively, like for example:

* <<Robot Handler, Robot handler>> puts a robot on the field, while it is not allowed
* Robots do not keep required distance to the ball during stop

> * Keeper is not on the goal line during a <<Penalty Kick, penalty kick>>

Reviewer: Can we add here:  Manually removing misplaced robots in Penalty Kick ?

Author: How about a more general the statement:
```suggestion
* Robots do not conform to the positioning rules during a <<Penalty Kick, penalty kick>> and need to be moved or removed manually
```
